Cameras/AssassinsCreedOrigins/ReadMe.md, before:

Injectable camera for Assassin's Creed Origins
============================

Current supported game version: v1.2+ (UPlay version)  
Camera version: 1.0.8  
Camera release binaries: https://github.com/FransBouma/InjectableGenericCameraSystem/releases/tag/ACO_108  
Credits: Otis_Inf. Thanks to DeadEndThrills for HUD render location.

### Changes
* v1.0.8: Fixed for v1.2 of the game (ToD correction)
* v1.0.7: Fixed for v1.1 of the game.
* v1.0.6: For game pause/unpause it now calls the native game functions for engine pause/unpause. Should fix any crashes related to pause/unpause.
* v1.0.5: Added more reliable timestop and HUD toggle.
* v1.0.4: Added own injector, fixed some offsets for game version v1.0.5
* v1.0.3: Added timestop 
* v1.0.2: Fixed for v1.03 of the game.
* v1.0.1: Added: time of day selection in camera menu.

### How to use
Read the enclosed readme.txt for details, really! Run the game as **administrator** otherwise it won't work.

### Important
* It can be that tools like MSI Afterburner and others which create an overlay do **not** work together with the camera tools: 
the game either crashes or the overlay won't show up. If that's the case, use the Ubisoft Uplay overlay to take screenshots instead 
as that works OK: configure it to save uncompressed copies of the screenshots in the UPlay settings. 

* Be careful with the resolution scaling factor in the camera tools settings. Using a value of 2 or higher with a very 
high resolution will likely make the game become unresponsive and crash if you don't have the latest greatest videocard.
Resolution scaling already creates a high-res framebuffer, so e.g. using a factor of 2.0 on a 5K resolution effectively
means the game renders a 10K image, something it won't be able to do, most likely.

* These camera tools were made with and for the UPlay version of the game. If you use it on the Steam version, it might not
work, though I expect it to work OK as the code likely is the same so the AOB scans will find the code regardless. If it doesn't
work, then... too bad, sorry.

### EULA
To use these camera tools, you have to comply to the following:
If you ask me a question which is answered in the enclosed readme.txt, so i.o.w. you didn't read it at all, 
you owe me a new AAA game. Easy, right? 

### Acknowledgements
This camera uses [MinHook](https://github.com/TsudaKageyu/minhook) by Tsuda Kageyu.

Commit message:

Fix for Assassin's Creed Origins: code inside intercepted block was changed in later update causing light/shadow corruption

Cameras/AssassinsCreedOrigins/ReadMe.md, after:

Injectable camera for Assassin's Creed Origins
============================

Current supported game version: v1.4+ (UPlay version)  
Camera version: 1.0.9  
Camera release binaries: https://github.com/FransBouma/InjectableGenericCameraSystem/releases/tag/ACO_109  
Credits: Otis_Inf. Thanks to DeadEndThrills for HUD render location.

### Changes
* v1.0.9: Fixed issue with outdated code in interceptor which caused lighting/shadow mess when using the camera in certain areas.
* v1.0.8: Fixed for v1.2 of the game (ToD correction)
* v1.0.7: Fixed for v1.1 of the game.
* v1.0.6: For game pause/unpause it now calls the native game functions for engine pause/unpause. Should fix any crashes related to pause/unpause.
* v1.0.5: Added more reliable timestop and HUD toggle.
* v1.0.4: Added own injector, fixed some offsets for game version v1.0.5
* v1.0.3: Added timestop 
* v1.0.2: Fixed for v1.03 of the game.
* v1.0.1: Added: time of day selection in camera menu.

### How to use
Read the enclosed readme.txt for details, really! Run the game as **administrator** otherwise it won't work.

### Important
* It can be that tools like MSI Afterburner and others which create an overlay do **not** work together with the camera tools: 
the game either crashes or the overlay won't show up. If that's the case, use the Ubisoft Uplay overlay to take screenshots instead 
as that works OK: configure it to save uncompressed copies of the screenshots in the UPlay settings. 

* Be careful with the resolution scaling factor in the camera tools settings. Using a value of 2 or higher with a very 
high resolution will likely make the game become unresponsive and crash if you don't have the latest greatest videocard.
Resolution scaling already creates a high-res framebuffer, so e.g. using a factor of 2.0 on a 5K resolution effectively
means the game renders a 10K image, something it won't be able to do, most likely.

* These camera tools were made with and for the UPlay version of the game. If you use it on the Steam version, it might not
work, though I expect it to work OK as the code likely is the same so the AOB scans will find the code regardless. If it doesn't
work, then... too bad, sorry.

### EULA
To use these camera tools, you have to comply to the following:
If you ask me a question which is answered in the enclosed readme.txt, so i.o.w. you didn't read it at all, 
you owe me a new AAA game. Easy, right? 

### Acknowledgements
This camera uses [MinHook](https://github.com/TsudaKageyu/minhook) by Tsuda Kageyu.
