Cameras/Titanfall2/ReadMe.md, before:

Injectable camera for Assassin's Creed Origins
============================

Current supported game version: v1.4+ (UPlay version)  
Camera version: 1.0.9  
Camera release binaries: https://github.com/FransBouma/InjectableGenericCameraSystem/releases/tag/ACO_109  
Credits: Otis_Inf. Thanks to DeadEndThrills for HUD render location.

### Changes
* v1.0.9: Fixed issue with outdated code in interceptor which caused lighting/shadow mess when using the camera in certain areas.
* v1.0.8: Fixed for v1.2 of the game (ToD correction)
* v1.0.7: Fixed for v1.1 of the game.
* v1.0.6: For game pause/unpause it now calls the native game functions for engine pause/unpause. Should fix any crashes related to pause/unpause.
* v1.0.5: Added more reliable timestop and HUD toggle.
* v1.0.4: Added own injector, fixed some offsets for game version v1.0.5
* v1.0.3: Added timestop 
* v1.0.2: Fixed for v1.03 of the game.
* v1.0.1: Added: time of day selection in camera menu.

### How to use
Read the enclosed readme.txt for details, really! Run the game as **administrator** otherwise it won't work.

### Important
* It can be that tools like MSI Afterburner and others which create an overlay do **not** work together with the camera tools: 
the game either crashes or the overlay won't show up. If that's the case, use the Ubisoft Uplay overlay to take screenshots instead 
as that works OK: configure it to save uncompressed copies of the screenshots in the UPlay settings. 

* Be careful with the resolution scaling factor in the camera tools settings. Using a value of 2 or higher with a very 
high resolution will likely make the game become unresponsive and crash if you don't have the latest greatest videocard.
Resolution scaling already creates a high-res framebuffer, so e.g. using a factor of 2.0 on a 5K resolution effectively
means the game renders a 10K image, something it won't be able to do, most likely.

* These camera tools were made with and for the UPlay version of the game. If you use it on the Steam version, it might not
work, though I expect it to work OK as the code likely is the same so the AOB scans will find the code regardless. If it doesn't
work, then... too bad, sorry.

### EULA
To use these camera tools, you have to comply to the following:
If you ask me a question which is answered in the enclosed readme.txt, so i.o.w. you didn't read it at all, 
you owe me a new AAA game. Easy, right? 

### Acknowledgements
This camera uses [MinHook](https://github.com/TsudaKageyu/minhook) by Tsuda Kageyu.

Commit message:

Final notes / changes for camera for TF2

Cameras/Titanfall2/ReadMe.md, after:

Injectable camera for Titanfall 2
============================

Current supported game version: v1.0+ (Origin version)  
Camera version: 1.0.0  
Camera release binaries: https://github.com/FransBouma/InjectableGenericCameraSystem/releases/tag/TF2_100  
Credits: Otis_Inf. 

**USE IN SINGLE PLAYER ONLY. NO EXCEPTIONS / EXCUSES**

### How to use
Read the enclosed readme.txt for details, really! Run the game as **administrator** otherwise it won't work.

### Important
This is the last public binary release of a camera I've made. All potentially future cameras will be released as
source only. It simply takes too much time to polish them up to release quality. I'll hand out binaries to 
friends if necessary.

### Support
There's no support. If the camera breaks while I'm using it, it'll be updated, otherwise you're out of luck and
you have to fix it yourself (the source is right here on github!). Please don't ask questions like how to use the
camera, how to build the source etc. as I won't answer them if I don't know you. 

### HUD Toggle
Use the hud toggle by The Janitor: http://www.moddb.com/games/titanfall-2/downloads/toggle-hud5

### Acknowledgements
This camera uses [MinHook](https://github.com/TsudaKageyu/minhook) by Tsuda Kageyu.
